[DOC] Update Tail based sampling doc for Grafana Agent (#3167)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/configuration/grafana-agent/_index.md

features that make your distributed tracing system more robust, and
leverages all the data that is processed in the pipeline.

## Agent modes

Grafana Agent is available in three different variants:

* [Static mode](/docs/agent/latest/static): The original Grafana Agent.

> * [Static mode Kubernetes operator](/docs/agent/latest/operator): The Kubernetes operator for Static mode.

Reviewer: my impression is that the agent team is looking to deprecate the k8s operator. let's remove this reference.

Author: Done.

> Grafana Agent is available in three different variants:
> 
> * [Static mode](/docs/agent/latest/static): The original Grafana Agent.
> * [Static mode Kubernetes operator](/docs/agent/latest/operator): The Kubernetes operator for Static mode.

Author: ```suggestion
Grafana Agent is available in two different variants:

* [Static mode](/docs/agent/latest/static): The original Grafana Agent.
```
